Seventh Meeting

Minutes of Meeting: Marceli,Kamil,Tereza,Shu Yu,Michael,Morgan
---------------------------
Date: 17.11.2017
Start Time: 13:00
End Time: 14:00

Date and time of next meeting: 24 Nov 2017, 13:00


Topics discussed:
--We discussed the feedback we got from A1 and the changes we will need 
to make to our project, based on the feedback.
--We discussed the GUIs we will need to make for the project.
After a long discussion we decided on what GUIs to build.
--We also discussed the tools we can use for making the GUIs
and eventually decided on SceneBuilder.
--We also agreed on distributing the work for the fxml files.
--We also agreed on removing the classes "Picture" and "ProfilePicture",
because in our opinion we do not need classes for just one constructor.

Progress since the last meeting:
--Everyone has better understanding of what the project must be at the end.

TODO (for next meeting):
Fxml files:
--Marceli : Registration/Login/Layout
--Morgan  : Add auction
--Michael : Auction view
--Shu Yu  : Auction browsing/User browsing/History
--Tereza  : My Profile 




-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Eighth Meeting

Minutes of Minutes: Marceli,Kamil,Tereza,Shu Yu,Michael,Morgan
---------------------------
Date: 24.11.2017
Start Time: 13:00
End Time: 13:20

Date and time of next meeting: 1 Dec 2017, 13:00


Topics discussed:
--We discussed the possible options of how to handle the database in our project.
--After a discussion and considering the advantages and disadvantages 
of different options,and taking in consideration each person's abilities 
in our group, we decided to use Data Access Object pattern.

Progress since the last meeting:
--Marceli : Created FXML files for "Registration", "Login", "Layout"
--Morgan  : Created FXML file  for "Add auction"
--Michael : Created FXML file  for "Auction view"
--Shu Yu  : Created FXML files for "Auction browsing", "User browsing", "History"
--Tereza  : Created FXML file  for "My Profile"  

TODO (for next meeting):
--Kamil   : Build the database.
--Marceli : Connect the "Layout" fxml file with the rest of the fxmls files.




--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ninth Meeting

Minutes of Meeting: Marceli,Kamil,Tereza,Shu Yu,Michael,Morgan
----------------------------
Date: 1.12.2017
Start Time: 13:00
End Time: 13:30

Date and time of next meeting: 8 Dec 2017, 13:00

Topics discussed:
--We discussed what files we will need to create for the database.
--We also discussed how we will handle the "Drawing Avatar" function of the 
project.
--We also decided we will distribute the work for the database between
Michael, Shu Yu and Morgan, and distribute the rest of the work between
Marceli, Tereza and Kamil.

Progress since last meeting:
--Kamil  : Set the database up.
--Kamil  : Created Bid DAO.
--Marceli: Connected the "Layout" fxml file with the rest of the fxmls files.


TODO(for next meeting):
--Marceli: Make the controllers needed for the project except the one needed
for the "Drawing subsystem".
--Tereza : Build the "Drawing subsystem".
--Michael: Create the "Artwork DAO".
--Morgan : Create the "Auction DAO".
--Shu Yu : Create the "User DAO".




---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tenth Meeting

Minutes of Meeting: Marceli,Kamil,Tereza,Shu Yu,Michael,Morgan
----------------------------------
Date: 8.12.2017
Start Time: 13:00
End Time: 13:30

Date and time of next meeting: Not applicable (last meeting for A3)

Topics discussed:
--We discussed what else we need to do for project (outside implementation).
--We also discussed what functionalities the project needs to have, in order
to double check if we did not miss some functionality.
--We also discussed how best to merge everyone's work and when to upload.
--Ensuring that everyone does their work on time.

Progress since last meeting:
--Marceli: Made the controllers needed for the project except the one needed
for the "Drawing subsystem".
--Tereza : Created the "Drawing subsystem".
--Michael: Created the "Artwork DAO".
--Morgan : Created the "Auction DAO".
--Shu Yu : Created the "User DAO".

TODO(for next meeting):
Everyone has to:
--Make sure their class/classes meets the Coding Conventions from the lecture notes.
--Write their part for the Contribution Report in our shared Google Doc.
--Ensure that they have checked and are satisfied with all
aspects of the submission files before we submit them.

--Tereza : Format and check the Minutes of Meeting.
--Kamil  : Refactor the code after it is done.
--Marceli: Merge the classes together.
--Shu Yu : Input data in the database. 
