Seventh Meeting

Minutes of Minutes: Marceli,Kamil,Tereza,Shu Yu,Michael,Morgan
---------------------------
Date: 17.11.2017
Start Time: 13:00
End Time: 14:00

Date and time of next meeting: 24 Nov 2017, 13:00


Topics discussed:
--We discussed the feedback we got from A1 and the changes we will need 
to make to our project, based on the feedback.
--We discussed the GUIs we will need to make for the project. After a long discussion we decided on what GUIs to build.
--We also discussed the tools we can use for making the GUIs and eventually decided on SceneBuilder.
--We also agreed on distributing the work for the fxml files.

Progress since the last meeting:
--Everyone has better understanding of what the project must be at the end.

TODO (for next meeting):
Fxml files:
--Marceli : Registration/Login/Layout
--Morgan  : Add auction
--Michael : Auction view
--Shu Yu  : Auction browsing/User browsing/History
--Tereza  : My Profile   